c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.Development.json
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\appsettings.json
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.staticwebassets.runtime.json
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.exe
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.deps.json
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.runtimeconfig.json
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.dll
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\bin\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.pdb
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.csproj.AssemblyReference.cache
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.build.json
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\staticwebassets.development.json
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\Pages\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.rz.scp.css
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\bundle\RazorPagesMovie.styles.css
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\scopedcss\projectbundle\RazorPagesMovie.bundle.scp.css
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.dll
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\refint\RazorPagesMovie.dll
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.pdb
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\RazorPagesMovie.genruntimeconfig.cache
c:\Users\Praktykant02\source\repos\api nauka\RazorPagesMovie\obj\Debug\net6.0\ref\RazorPagesMovie.dll
